[MUSIC]
Congratulations, you've done it.
You've now completed
Advanced Problem Solving with Excel,
the third course in this specialization.
In this course, you explored Excel as
a tool for more advanced analysis and
for visualizing the story
the data is telling you.
Along the way, you had a chance to
practice using those functions and
to demonstrate what you've learned
through practical exercises.
You started every week with an overview
from Harry Banner talking to you about
the topics that week and giving you
some business context to consider.
You saw demonstrations by
other PwC professionals and
had a chance along the way to
practice the functions you learned.
While we used Excel in this course, many
of the concepts and skills you learned
here will apply to other tools that you'll
encounter as your career progresses.
We always want to select the tool that
best fits the needs of the client and
the type of analysis you are doing.
In Week 1, we talked about guiding
principles for using Excel,
then we looked at data and data models.
We introduced you to several
tools within Excel, and
ended the week using PowerPivot.
In Week 2, we showed you how you can
use data to perform different types of
scenario and simulation analyses
to limit modeling risk and
to move away from single point analytics.
You also had the chance to practice
using Solver, data tables,
the scenario manager, and Goal Seek.
In Week 3, we started to look at
how to use these core principles of
data visualization and dashboarding to
visualize the data and tell a story.
And, finally, in Week 4, you got a chance
to use Excel to build in-depth graphs and
Power View reports.
Then we combined them into dynamic
dashboards using form control,
slicers, and conditional formatting.
We hope you found this course
an insightful introduction to advanced
data visualization with Excel, and
that it has encouraged you to continue on
in the data analysis and presentation
skills that PwC approach specialization.
Where you will have an opportunity to
further develop and apply data and
analytic skills to create visualizations
and make effective presentations.
Thanks again for joining us.
[MUSIC]